Clarify behaviour of developer exception page (#26958)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/error-handling.md

## Developer exception page

The *Developer Exception Page* displays detailed information about unhandled request exceptions. ASP.NET Core apps enable the developer exception page by default when both:

* Running in the [Development environment](xref:fundamentals/environments).

> * App created with the current templates, that is, using [WebApplication.CreateBuilder](/dotnet/api/microsoft.aspnetcore.builder.webapplication.createbuilder).  Apps created using the [`WebHost.CreateDefaultBuilder`](xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.WebHost.CreateDefaultBuilder() must enable the developer exception page by calling `app.UseDeveloperExceptionPage` in `Configure`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* App created with the current templates, that is, using [WebApplication.CreateBuilder](/dotnet/api/microsoft.aspnetcore.builder.webapplication.createbuilder).  Apps created using the [`WebHost.CreateDefaultBuilder`](xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.WebHost.CreateDefaultBuilder) must enable the developer exception page by calling `app.UseDeveloperExceptionPage` in `Configure`.
```

> * App was created with the current templates, that is, using [WebApplication.CreateBuilder](/dotnet/api/microsoft.aspnetcore.builder.webapplication.createbuilder).  Apps created using the [`WebHost.CreateDefaultBuilder`](xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.WebHost.CreateDefaultBuilder() must enable the developer exception page by calling `app.UseDeveloperExceptionPage` in `Configure`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* App created with the current templates, that is, using [WebApplication.CreateBuilder](/dotnet/api/microsoft.aspnetcore.builder.webapplication.createbuilder).  Apps created using the [`WebHost.CreateDefaultBuilder`](xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.WebHost.CreateDefaultBuilder() must enable the developer exception page by calling `app.UseDeveloperExceptionPage` in `Configure`.
```

## Developer exception page

> The *Developer Exception Page* displays detailed information about unhandled request exceptions. ASP.NET Core apps enable the developer exception page by default when running in the [Development environment](xref:fundamentals/environments) if they're created using [WebApplication.CreateBuilder](/dotnet/api/microsoft.aspnetcore.builder.webapplication.createbuilder?view=aspnetcore-6.0).  Apps created using the `IHostBuilder.CreateDefaultBuilder` will still need to enable the developer exception page by calling `app.UseDeveloperExceptionPage()` during the startup class's `Configure` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *Developer Exception Page* displays detailed information about unhandled request exceptions. ASP.NET Core apps enable the developer exception page by default when both:

* Running in the [Development environment](xref:fundamentals/environments).
* App was created with the current templates, that is, using [WebApplication.CreateBuilder](/dotnet/api/microsoft.aspnetcore.builder.webapplication.createbuilder).  Apps created using the [`WebHost.CreateDefaultBuilder`](xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.WebHost.CreateDefaultBuilder() must enable the developer exception page by calling `app.UseDeveloperExceptionPage` in `Configure`.
```
